National Iranian Oil Company*	Energy and petrochemicals
IMIDRO Group*	Mining
Iran Khodro Co.*	Automakers and parts
National Petrochemical Co.*	Energy and petrochemicals
Saipa Corp.*	Automakers and parts
Bank Melli Iran*	Banking and financial services
SAPCO	Automakers and parts
Mobarakeh Steel Company	Steel
Saderat Bank Iran*	Banking and financial services
Parsian Bank*	Banking and financial services
Bank Mellat*	Banking and financial services
MCI	Telecommunications
Sepah Bank*	Banking and financial services
Tejarat Bank	Banking and financial services
Bandar Imam Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Iran Insurance Company	Insurance
National Iranian Copper Industries Co. (NICICO)	Mining
Bank Maskan*	Banking and financial services
Esfahan Steel Company	Steel
IranPeyman	Transportation
Keshavarzi Bank*	Banking and financial services
Sazeh Gostar Co.	Automakers and parts
MAPNA*	Utilities and infrastructure
Bou Ali Sina Petrochemical Industries	Energy and petrochemicals
Khouzestan Steel Co.	Steel
Mega Motor Co.	Automakers and parts
Bank Melli Investment Co.*	Banking and financial services
Iran Khodro Diesel*	Automakers and parts
Behshahr Industrial Development Co.*	Banking and financial services
MAPNA International FZE	Utilities and infrastructure
Eghtesad Novin Bank*	Banking and financial services
Iran Khodro Khorasan Co.	Automakers and parts
Pars Aryan Investing Co*	Banking and financial services
Borzouyeh Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Civil Pension Fund Investment Co.*	Banking and financial services
Zamyad Co.*	Automakers and parts
Iran Dairy Industries Co. (PEGAH)*	Beverage and food
Iran Khodro Investment Development*	Automakers and parts
Pasargad Bank	Banking and financial services
Ahwaz Pipe Mills (APM)	Construction and building materials
Mine and Industry Bank*	Banking and financial services
Asia Insurance Co.	Insurance
Behpakhsh Co.	Retail
Marun petrochemical complex	Energy and petrochemicals
Melli Iran Exchange Co.	Banking and financial services
AmirKabir Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Pars Khodro*	Automakers and parts
Omid Foreign Exchange Company Ltd.	Banking and financial services
Bahman Group*	Automakers and parts
Arak Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Ghadir Investment Company*	Banking and financial services
Fars and Khuzestan Cement Co.*	Construction and building materials
Iran Melli-Sanati Steel Group (a.k.a. National Iranian Steel Company)	Steel
Shahid Tondgooyan Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Petrochemical Commercial Company International Ltd. (PCCI)	Energy and petrochemicals
Darou Pakhsh*	Pharmaceuticals
Iran Electronics Industries (SAIRAN)*	Computers and electronics
Sadid Industrial Group*	Industrial equipment and machinery
National Iranian Petrochemical Company (NIPC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Khark Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Alborz Investment Co.*	Retail
Behshahr Industrial Co.*	Beverage and food
Mines and Metals Development Investment Co.(P.J.S)*	Mining
Pars Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Darupakhsh Distribution Co.	Pharmaceuticals
Khorasan Steel Complex	Steel
Pars Darou Co.*	Pharmaceuticals
Tooga-Mapna Turbine Engineering and Production	Utilities and infrastructure
Pakhshe Razi Co.	Pharmaceuticals
Iran Auto Parts Mfg. and Distribution Co. (ISACO)*	Automakers and parts
Iran Transfo Co.*	Utilities and infrastructure
Sina Bank	Banking and financial services
Iran Tractor Mfg. Co.*	Automakers and parts
Saipa Diesel*	Automakers and parts
Dana Insurance	Insurance
Karafarin Bank	Banking and financial services
Pakhshe Hejrat Co.	Pharmaceuticals
Petrochemical Industries Investment Company*	Energy and petrochemicals
Gole-e-Gohar Iron Ore Co.	Mining
Iran Aluminium Co. (IRALCO)	Steel
Pasargad Oil Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Parsian Insurance Co.	Insurance
Tabriz Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Chadormalu Mining and Industrial Company	Mining
Behran Oil Co.*	Energy and petrochemicals
Alborz Insurance Co.	Insurance
Iranian Offshore Engineering and Construction Company*	Energy and petrochemicals
Azerbaijan Steel Complex	Steel
HEPCO*	Industrial equipment and machinery
Tidewater Co. Middle East Marin Services Plc*	Energy and petrochemicals
Fanavaran Petrochemical Industries	Energy and petrochemicals
Shahid Bahonar Copper Industries Co.	Mining
Mehr Finance and Credit Institution	Banking and financial services
Mahshahr Pipe Mill	Construction and building materials
Tuka Foolad Investment*	Steel
The International Construction Development Co.*	Construction and building materials
Supplying Tractor Part Co.	Automakers and parts
Iran Zinc Mines Development Co.*	Mining
Iran Auto Parts Industrial Group(IAPCO)*	Automakers and parts
Mehrcam Pars Co.	Automakers and parts
Almahdi Aluminium Co.	Steel
ETKA	Retail
Jahad Tosse Co.*	Construction and building materials
Ehya Sepahan Mining and Industries Complex Co*	Mining
Calcimin (Public Co.)*	Steel
Iran Minerals Production And Supply Co.	Mining
Tehran Cement Co.*	Construction and building materials
Zamzam Soft Drink Mfg. Co. & Affiliated Firms	Beverage and food
Taam Iran Khodro Co.*	Industrial equipment and machinery
Takado Co.*	Steel
Nirou Mohareke Co. (Iran Power train Company)*	Automakers and parts
Bonyad Finance & Credit Association	Banking and financial services
IAP & Affiliated Firms	Automakers and parts
Shomal Agricultural & Industrial Co.	Beverage and food
Behpak Industrial Co.	Beverage and food
Pars Vegetable Oil Co.	Beverage and food
Polyacryl Iran Corporation	Energy and petrochemicals
Razi Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Margarine Co.	Beverage and food
Shahid Ghandi Co.	Utilities and infrastructure
Pak Dairy Products Co. & Affiliated Firms	Beverage and food
Mehvar Sazan Iran Khodro Co.	Automakers and parts
Rena Investment Co.	Banking and financial services
Paxan Corporation & Affiliated Firms	Energy and petrochemicals
Arak Machine-building Co.	Industrial equipment and machinery
Shahab Co.	Computers and electronics
Iran International Engineering Co. (IRITEC)	Industrial equipment and machinery
Kerman Tire and Rubber Co.	Automakers and parts
Pars Electric Mfg. Co & Affiliated Firms	Computers and electronics
Abadan Transportation & Marine Co.	Transportation
Shiraz Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Pars Oil Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Azmayesh Co.	Industrial equipment and machinery
Niroo Battery Mfg. Co. & Affiliated Firms	Automakers and parts
Isfahan Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
AZAR AB Industries Co & Affiliated Firms	Industrial equipment and machinery
Sepahan Cement Co.	Construction and building materials
Sugar and Byproducts Development Co.	Beverage and food
Export Development Bank of Iran	Banking and financial services
Sepanta Co.	Construction and building materials
Industrial Development and Renovation Organization of Iran*	Industrial equipment and machinery
Iran Air	Airlines
Defense Industries Organization	Aerospace and defense
Iran Marine Industrial Co. (SADRA)	Industrial equipment and machinery
Dena Rubber and Tire Mfg. Co.	Automakers and parts
Pars Tire Co.	Automakers and parts
Pars Appliance Manufacturing Co.	Industrial equipment and machinery
IsIran Co.	Computers and electronics
Iran Air Tour Co.	Airlines
Mazandaran Wood & Paper Industries	Paper and wood
Alomtac Industrial Co.	
Arj Co.	Industrial equipment and machinery
Iran Chemical Industries Investment Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Shilat Co.	Beverage and food
Iran Tire Mfg. Co.	Automakers and parts
Khorasan Petrochemical Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Kaf Co. (Darougar)	Energy and petrochemicals
Tolypers Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Pars Khazar Co.	Industrial equipment and machinery
Saipa Yadak Trading Co.	Automakers and parts
Sasan Co.	Beverage and food

Farazpaye	construction chemical
Iran Aviation Industries Organization*	Aerospace and defense
Iran Shipbuilding & Offshore Industries Complex	Shipbuilding, Oil and gas
Iranian Space Agency	Aerospace and defense
Maadiran Group	Computers and electronics
Sena Soft	Computers and electronics
Dadeh-Pardazi	Computers and electronics
Iran Argham	Computers and electronics
Kafa System Information Network	Computers and electronics
Iran System	Computers and electronics
Puya	Computers and electronics
Datak Group of Companies [citation needed]	Internet Service Provider
Pars Online	Internet Service Provider
Pishgaman Group [citation needed]	Internet Service Provider
Shatel	Internet Service Provider
Neda Rayaneh Institute	Internet Service Provider
Telecommunication Company of Iran	Telecommunications
MTN Irancell	Telecommunications
Khatam al-Anbia*	Construction and building materials
Islamic Republic of Iran Railways	Transportation
Payam Air	Transportation
Tehran Metro	Transportation
National Iranian Tanker Company	Transportation
Aryasasol	Energy and petrochemicals
National Iranian Oil Refining and Distribution Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Petropars	Energy and petrochemicals
PetroIran	Energy and petrochemicals
Naftiran Intertrade Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Farabi Pharmaceutical Co.	Pharmaceuticals
Atomic Energy Organization of Iran	Energy and petrochemicals
Aabsal	Industrial equipment and machinery
North Drilling	Energy and petrochemicals
Tehran Patou	Apparel, footwear and textiles
Iran Termeh	Apparel, footwear and textiles
Melli Shoe	Apparel, footwear and textiles
Shahrvand	Retail
Refah supermarket	Retail
Hormozal [citation needed]	Steel
Dasht Morghab Group (Yek-o-Yek)	Beverage and food
Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting	Media and entertainment
Tehran Stock Exchange Services Company (TSESC)	Banking and financial services
Iran Software & Hardware Co. (NOSA)	Computers and electronics
Data Processing Iran Co.	Computers and electronics
Telecommunication & Computer Industries Consortium	Computers and electronics
Parsé Semiconductor Co.	Computers and electronics
Hamkaran Systems	Computers and electronics
Boof chain restaurants	Retail
Atieh Group	Professional services
Institute for Productivity & Human Resource Development (IPHRD)	Professional services
Iran Water and Power Resources Development Company	Utilities and infrastructure
Homa Hotel Group	Hospitality
Hamrah Gooya Arvand Communication Company	Computers and electronics
Desa diesel	Energy and petrochemicals
Petrochemical Industries Design and Engineering Company (PIDEC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Zagros Petrochemical Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Bakhtar Petrochemical Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Rehabilitation and Maintenance of Petrochemical Company (RAMPCO) [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Petrochemical Industries Erection & Construction Company (ECC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Supplying Petrochemical Industries Part, Equipment And Chemical Engineering Company (SPEC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Tehran Berkeley [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Kalayeh Naft Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Shaid Shah Abadani Industries Company (SANAM)	Energy and petrochemicals
Nargan Consulting Engineers	Energy and petrochemicals
Afaq Ghadeer Engineering Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Oil Industries Engineering & Construction (OIEC Group)	Energy and petrochemicals
Oil Industries Development (a subsidiary of OIEC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Oriental Oil Kish	Energy and petrochemicals
Radira Engineering & Construction Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Chegalesh Consulting Engineers Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Namavaran co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Sazeh Consultants [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Payandan [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Qeshm Energy [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Global Petro Tech Kish	Energy and petrochemicals
GPTKish	Energy and petrochemicals
Stratus International Contracting Company	Energy and petrochemicals
Energy Industries Engineering and Design Co.(EIDE)	Energy and petrochemicals
Mehvar Sazan Co.	Energy and petrochemicals
Oil Design and Construction Co. (ODCC)	Energy and petrochemicals
National Iranian Oil Engineering and Construction Co. (NIOEC)	Energy and petrochemicals
Petro Pidar	Energy and petrochemicals
Petro Sina Arian	Energy and petrochemicals
Sepehr Energy Corporation [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
Farab [citation needed]	Energy and petrochemicals
SARV	Energy and petrochemicals
Dana Energy	Energy
Parsijoo	IT sector
Digikala	IT sector
Loghman Pharmaceuticals	Pharmaceutical
Golrang Industrial Group	Consumer goods
Goldstone Tires	Automobile and truck parts
Yazd Tire	Automobile and truck parts
SADRA	Shipbuilding, Oil and gas
IDRO Group	Conglomerate
Iran Road Maintenance & Transportation Organization	Road Maintenance
Pars Wagon	Rail Transport
Iran Cultural Heritage, Handicrafts and Tourism Organization (ICHTO)	Tourism
Iranian Rail Industries Development Co (IRICO)	Rail Transport
Shahin Compressor	Air Compressor